Who played the character of Tony Stark in the Marvel Cinematic Universe?
a) Chris Hemsworth 		b) Chris Evans
c) Robert Downey Jr. 		d) Mark Ruffalo:c#
Which animated film features a young lion named Simba?
a) Aladdin 				b) The Lion King
c) Beauty and the Beast 		d) Mulan:b#
What is the name of the fictional wizarding school in the "Harry Potter" series?
a) Wizardry Academy 		b) Magic School
c) Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry 		d) Witches' Institute:c#
Who is the creator of the "Star Wars" franchise?
a) Steven Spielberg 		b) George Lucas
c) James Cameron 		d) J.J. Abrams:b#
In the TV series "Friends," what is the name of Ross and Monica's pet monkey?
a) Marcel 		b) Simba
c) Joey 		d) Chandler:a#
Which artist is known for the hit song "Shape of You"?
a) Justin Bieber 		b) Ed Sheeran
c) Taylor Swift 		d) Adele:b#
Which superhero is known as the "Man of Steel"?
a) Spider-Man 		b) Batman
c) Superman 		d) Iron Man:c#
Who played the character of Jack Dawson in the movie "Titanic"?
a) Leonardo DiCaprio 		b) Brad Pitt
c) Johnny Depp 		d) Tom Hanks:a#
In the animated film "Frozen," what is the name of Elsa's sister?
a) Anna 		b) Belle
c) Cinderella 		d) Aurora:a#
Who is the lead singer of the band Coldplay?
a) Chris Hemsworth 		b) Chris Pine
c) Chris Pratt 		d) Chris Martin:d#
Which fictional wizard attended Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry?
a) Harry Potter 		b) Frodo Baggins
c) Luke Skywalker 		d) Katniss Everdeen:a#
Which character from "Game of Thrones" famously says, "Winter is coming"?
a) Tyrion Lannister 		b) Jon Snow
c) Daenerys Targaryen 		d) Cersei Lannister:b#
Who is the lead vocalist of the rock band Queen?
a) Freddie Mercury 		b) Mick Jagger
c) David Bowie 		d) Elton John:a#
Which character is known for saying, "May the Force be with you" in the "Star Wars" franchise?
a) Yoda 		b) Darth Vader
c) Han Solo 		d) Obi-Wan Kenobi:d#
Who portrayed the character of Katniss Everdeen in "The Hunger Games" film series?
a) Emma Watson 		b) Jennifer Lawrence
c) Scarlett Johansson 		d) Emma Stone:b#
Which Disney princess is known for her long, magical hair?
a) Cinderella 		b) Snow White
c) Rapunzel 		d) Ariel:c#
Who was the first actor to portray James Bond in a film?
a) Pierce Brosnan 		b) Sean Connery
c) Daniel Craig 		d) Roger Moore:b#
What is the name of the magical land in C.S. Lewis's "The Chronicles of Narnia" series?
a) Wonderland 		b) Neverland
c) Narnia 		d) Middle-earth:c#
In the animated film "Toy Story," what is the name of the cowboy doll?
a) Buzz Lightyear 		b) Woody
c) Mr. Potato Head 		d) Slinky Dog:b#
Who is known as the "Queen of Pop" in the music industry?
a) Madonna 		b) Lady Gaga
c) Beyoncé 		d) Rihanna:a#
Which character is the primary antagonist in the "Star Wars" franchise?
a) Luke Skywalker 		b) Darth Vader
c) Han Solo 		d) Obi-Wan Kenobi:b#
Who played the role of the Joker in "The Dark Knight"?
a) Heath Ledger 		b) Jack Nicholson
c) Jared Leto 		d) Joaquin Phoenix:a#
Which artist is known for the song "Hello"?
a) Bruno Mars 		b) Ed Sheeran
c) Adele 		d) Taylor Swift:c#
Which animated film features a forgetful fish named Dory?
a) Finding Nemo 		b) The Little Mermaid
c) Toy Story 			d) Shrek:a